Start 1.16.0 dev (#4484)
SeldonIO/seldon-core: doc/source/reference/upgrading.md

### OpenShift default storage initializer

In this patch release we fixed the default storage initializer used on OpenShift (both Community and Certified operators).

> The image used now is `seldonio/rclone-storage-initializer:1.16.0-dev` which is the same as one used for the non-OpenShift releases (*).

Author: ```suggestion
The image used now is `seldonio/rclone-storage-initializer:1.14.1` which is the same as one used for the non-OpenShift releases (*).
```

> The image used now is `seldonio/rclone-storage-initializer:1.16.0-dev` which is the same as one used for the non-OpenShift releases (*).

Author: Good spot, I fixed it. Maybe we will need to look why upgrading script touches this file and make it not do it.
